Teak Browser (hereinafter referred to as Teak) respects and protects the personal privacy of all users who use it, and if someone decides to use our services, this page is used to inform visitors about our policy and consent to the collection and use of information related to this policy The personal information we collect is used to provide and improve our services. Except as described in this Privacy Policy, we do not use or share your information with anyone Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from within Teak.
What user data Teak collects: - Teak has integrated AppCenter SDK for data analysis and crash feedback to further improve the product, which records the number of times the app is used, the length of use, and crash logs. the information collected by AppCenter SDK is not associated with the user. In addition, we do not collect other data from users and do not introduce other third-party SDKs that exist to submit or collect user information.
[Device Sensitive Permissions] Album Permissions: Teak may request album permissions to save pictures or upload pictures on the website, identify QR codes, etc. Camera permission: Teak may request camera permission to scan QR codes or for taking pictures when uploading images in the website. Location permission: The website gets geolocation, Teak itself does not get geolocation information. All of the above permissions are optional.
[iCloud Sync] iCloud Sync stores the user's bookmarks in Apple's Cloudkit service, and Teak does not save any of the user's data. The user's data is stored in the Cloudkit private repository, and no one other than the user, including the developer, has access to it.
[Security] We value your trust in providing us with your personal information, so we are working hard to protect it using commercially acceptable methods. Please keep in mind, however, that no method of transmission or electronic storage on the Internet is 100% safe and secure, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
[Links to other sites] The Service may contain links to other sites, and if you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Please note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly recommend that you read the privacy policies of these sites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party sites or services.
[Children's Privacy] These Services are not directed at anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.
[Changes to this privacy policy] We may update our privacy policy from time to time. Therefore, we recommend that you check this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting a new privacy policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately upon posting on this page.
[Contact Us] If you have any questions or suggestions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us at teakbrowser@outlook.com
